right? By our AI
developer workflows. This is
all happening in parallel.
We have encoded our
engineering, right? We've templated
our engineering into the
agentic layer of our
codebase. So now
it operates for us.
The next best thing
we can do, right?
There's gonna be a
lot of background, right?
A lot of waiting,
a lot of reviewing.
Let's understand the key
changes that were made
to our natural language
codebase here. And
let's break down the
agentic layer, right? This
is the important piece.
As you can see
here, we're operating on
the simple application, but
that's not what this
is about. These ideas,
everything we've talked about,
every single tactic, it